Week1
I am so exciting to get into our brand new project.
Discuss with our team member to decide the topic of our project.
We all agree with topic 3:Accommodation Web Portal.
So I habe done a lot of research for how to build a online reservation platform.
I have done the work below:
Set up Github repo;
Set up trello account;
Make contributions to our proposal draft:
Project depth and scale;
Schedule;

Week2
Prepare to establish the proposal for our project.
We divided our job into each person.
I am willing to try to build a database in a cloud platform.
At first,I tried Azure but I found it hard to use.
Then I tried to use AWS for establishing a simple cloud database.
RDS is a good option for me so I search for how to build a database in RDS.
Hopefully I could do it with RDS.

Yes,it works.
I built a RDS database in AWS cloud platform.And configured all the features and data we are going to use.
Gave it to other team member, and now they can connect to our database and utilize the data.
It's time for me to move to next step, I will help to finish the proposal in the next few days.

Week 3
Met our tutor on Monday.
He gave us a lot of good advice in implementing project and writing proposal.
I finished work as below:
Decided our project system architecture;
Completed our database and generate ER diagram;
Help to build our recommadation system;
Help to test API function;
Busy week.

Week 4
Finished proposal.
Starting working on html template and recommand system.
I do a lot of research about how to build a recommand system about a accommondation platform.
There are generrally two way to get it : user-based algrithm and item-based algrithm.
Starting build frame for our users' data and accommandation details, which could help us to caculate the similarity matrix about our recommendation system.

Week 5
Continue working on recommendation system.
Writing code about it and analysis what kind of algrithm is better for our web portal.
-Generate test data for our recommended system by myself:user.csv and accommodation.csv
-Preprocessing data including data clean,data fill and data nomarlization
-Calculate similarity matrix based on item-based theory and cosine_similarity algrithm
-Completed the first version of our recommendation system

Week 6
Plan to continue focus on improving recommendation system,but got sick this week so I don't do much work this work
Fix bugs in both API side and Recommendation side.
Discuss with team member to decide how to finish our MVP model.

Week 7
Improving recommendation system
-Browsing on Kaggle to learn and try to use PCA and Collaborative filtering to develop our model
-Implementing KNN to improve the performance of predicting similar accomodations

Week 8
Fixing bugs.
Replacing testing data with real data.
Developing test scripts and finishing some general test.
Planing to finish prototype in next week and finish all tests.
Finishing final version of recommendation system

Week 9
Conducting tests.
Working on writing final reports.
