Week 1
We decided to do project 3 because we think it is a very useful topic and every member is interested in it.
I did some research on where to scrape data from.After discussion with team members,I downloaded the data 
through airbnb api ,chose the useful data and uploaded it. 
We had the discussion about what technologies to use for the frontend, backend and api.
We drew the database schema for our application. 

I wrote the first version of api.py including  ‘user creation’ and ‘user log in’.

The plan for next week is to learn about flask login,
authentication strategies and improve the security of the user management system.

Week 2 
We decided to build our database on AWS. We divided the api.py into several documents for better structure purpose. 

I did a lot of research and study on flask wtforms and flask login(user_loader ,alternative tokens)
and wrote the form.py(RegistrationForm,LoginForm,AccommodationForm,PhotoForm,SearchForm,uploadForm).
Rewrote the register, log in api and wrote the log out api.

However, to use Forms, we will need to return a render template.
After discussion, we decided not to a build a multi-pages website but a single-page one.
So I will have to rewrite these functions next week but I still feel happy 
because I learned a lot about flask forms and flask authentications.

Week 3
I tried to write the token related functions using timed json web signature serializer at first.
But the concept of it is less straightforward than just saving the token in the database.
So I added the token generation, revoke and check functions into the user model 
and applied HTTPBasicAuth and HTTPTokenAuth to support the authentification.

I also wrote the token.py, auth.py,user retrieve api and improved the user registration, login, log out api.
Then I realised the problems using flask_httpauth decorators, 
so I moved the token verify and error handler functions into each api routes to make things easier.

We tried to run the backend, frontend, aws together for the first MVP of the project and it worked well.
We also wrote the proposal for the project this week. 
I came up with some good suggestion and always being active expressing my ideas about the proposal.

My plan for next week is to finish the user setting functions,
user accommodation management functions and reservation management functions.

Week 4
Modify the database model and write the corresponding changes on other funtions based on new requirement
Finished the user setting, password changing functions
Finished part of the accommodation and reservation api 

Plan for next week is to modify the review database schema and finish the functions related to reviews.
Another plan is to search and learn about recommendation system

Week 5
Finished most of the functions related to the reviews
Retrive the data of country codes for phone number input
Learned about user-based,item-based recommendation systems and algorithms for calculating the similarities and discussed it with team mate.
We decided to implement item-based recommedation system since we do not have user's detailed info and item-based is more accurate in this case. We built the first small version of recommedation system. I also did some searching about tensor based recommendation systems but we decided that a matrix is enough for our system.

Plan for next week:keep updating the functions
Focus on recommedation system.

Week 6
Finished review writng and retreiving(positive,negative) functions, finished reservation retrive functions for a host(based on different status of the reservations. 
Fix the codes that have conflicts with the frontend.
Made few changes to user.py,model.py,accommodation.py as required by Jeffery and also to be consistent with other newly added fuctions.

Plan for next week: Go through the work flow of our app with the members and see if we miss anything.
Work on reccommendation system with loki.

Week7
Finished "my favourite accommodations" related functions.
Tested on backend-frontend intereacting with Jeffery and fixed few bugs.
Discussed reccommendation system with loki and finished api related to reccomendation system.
Raised the idea of user oriented reccommendation based on user rating and knn.

Plan for next week: Work with team to make sure the app works functionally and try to improve the current system. 

Week8
We went through our system and discussed about what to improve.
I worked with loki on sentiment analysis, generated the ratings of the reviews and made some change to the reviews related functions and apis for the sentiment analysis.
Worked with loki on user-based recommendation system and finished the related api. Tested it with loki to improve the quality of recommendations.

Plan for next week: Prepare the demo and the final report with the team.
